I have pivoted away from learning Rust via building my own ECS. Instead, I will learn to take advantage of the Rust ecosystem to work toward a practical goal.

I have decided to adopt the Bevy ECS engine, because it appears to already implement the goals I was working toward, and FAR more features beyond that.

My plan is to fully wrap Bevy in my own trpg library crate, as an anti-corruption layer if future Bevy versions meaningfully improve performance while damaging backward compatibility. Furthermore, this standalone trpg game engine can be used to construct a trpg-server crate as well as a trpg-client crate, if I play my design cards right. The key question is whether there's a sensible way to structure a trpg world such that the same structure can represent either a local client view of state (incomplete and dependent on an external server as a source of truth) or represent the server state (complete and a full source of truth, reporting partial state views to some large number of clients).

This might just be folly, and I should instead build a whole separate struct type to represent a partial state view. In that case, this view would be the shared code between client and server, along with serialization and deserialization logic, but I would also need to be mindful of potential compatibility issues if the client lags behind the server version during any updates.

It may or may not make sense for the partial state to use component structs in its composition. It would allow the client to decide at render time how to represent things like position and velocity. The difficulty appears when certain components are capable of including partial versions of their information into this partial state, such as different levels of detail within the same visible-features component.

Perhaps the real answer is that a client may obtain a full copy of its one specific player-entity, and all information visible for that player must be attached to said entity. Maybe more strict than that, each entity could have an observation component, and all data attached to that component defines what is visible/observable.

Let's first build the trpg crate with single-player in mind, to embed into a WASM egui client, or possibly to work alongside JS.

We can start by creating a trpg-standalone-client to go along with the development of the library.
